So now let's talk about color.
So color.
So color is a basic elements of design that affects the sensation of the eye.
So we have color theory.
So when I say color, we are looking at red, yellow and green and the like.
So red.
And then so you have the primary colors being red, yellow and then green and blue.
Okay.
So we have.
We also have secondary colors.
That is a combination of these colors, primary colors.
And then we have texture colors, too.
So a combination of the secondary colors.
So let's take a look at something that didn't figure.
Okay.
So let's say so these are the primary colors.
So red, yellow and then blue.
Now, these are a combination of red and blue.
Yellow.
So red and yellow.
So it's orange and then yellow and then blue gives us green and then blue and then red.
This as well.
So a combination of any primary color gives you a secondary color, and then a combination of the secondary
color gives you a texture color.
So you might want to research on complementary colors, analogous colors.
And then we have some some other forms of colors.
But let's look at gradients.
So to achieve gradients, let's say I'm going to select this.
So gradients this is also called color transition.
So how two or more colors fuse or transition or blend together.
So let's say this color, I want to blend another color.
So and sigma when I select this and then it gives me the color property, I can click here and then
go to.
Linear, you can choose radio and then it's given me the option to add a color.
So this orange say I want to add.
You.
For.
We need to.
So the secondary color.
On the second color I'm going to and then I'm going to choose this.
Then here we're going to select.
So there's something that we can do for our.
Greedy and callous.
So thank you.
And then also, you might want to check on color theory.